Manuals

/ Brands

/ Honeywell Manuals

/ Thermostat

/ Home Pro Series

/ User manual

/ PDF

## HONEYWELL HOME PRO SERIES USER MANUAL

<!-- image -->

## Quick Links

Power Options

System Operation Settings

Fan Operation Settings

Installer Setup (Isu)

Documents / Resources

## Table of Contents

Table of Contents

Optional Cover Plate installation

UWP Mounting System installation

Power options

Setting Slider Tabs

Thermostat mounting

System operation settings

Fan operation settings

Installer setup (ISU)

Installer system test

Documents / Resources

## T6 Pro USER MANUAL/USER GUIDE Honeywell Home Pro Series

## Contents hide

- 1 Optional Cover Plate installation
- 2 UWP Mounting System installation
- 3 Power options
- 4 Setting Slider Tabs
- 5 Thermostat mounting
- 6 System operation settings
- 7 Fan operation settings
- 8 Installer setup (ISU)
- 9 Installer system test

10 Documents / Resources

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

T6 Pro Programmable Thermostat Installation Instructions.

Package Includes:

- · T6 Pro Thermostat
- · UWP Mounting System
- · Honeywell Standard Installation Adapter (J-box adapter)
- · Honeywell Decorative Cover Plate - Small; size 4-49/64 in x 4-49/64 in x 11/32 in (121 mm x121 mm x 9 mm)
- · Screws and anchors
- · 2 AA Batteries

## Optional Cover Plate installation

NOTE: If Optional Cover Plate is not required, see "UWP Mounting System installation" on next page.

<!-- image -->

Use the Optional Cover Plate when:

- · Mounting the thermostat to an electrical junction box
- · Or when you need to cover paint gap from old thermostat.
- 1. Separate the Junction Box Adapter from the Cover Plate. See Figure 1.
- 2. Mount the Junction Box Adapter to the wall or an electrical box using any of the eight screw holes. Insert and tighten mounting screws supplied with Cover Plate Kit. Do not overtighten. See Figure 2. Make sure the Adapter Plate is level.
- 3. Attach the UWP by hanging it on the top hook of the Junction Box Adapter and then snapping the bottom of the UWP in place. See Figure 3.
- 4. Snap the Cover Plate onto the Junction Box Adapter. See Figure 4.

UWP Mounting System installation

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- Before starting, turn the power off at the breaker box or switch. Open package to find the 5. UWP. See Figure 5.
- Position the UWP on wall. Level and mark hole positions. See Figure 6. 6. Drill holes at marked positions, and then lightly tap supplied wall anchors into the wall using a hammer. - Drill 7/32" holes for drywall.
- Pull the door open and insert the wires through wiring hole of the UWP. See Figure 7. 7.
- 8Place the UWP over the wall anchors.Insert and tighten mounting screws supplied with the 8. UWP. Do not overtighten. Tighten until the UWP no longer moves. Close the door. See Figure8.

## Power options

<!-- image -->

## Setting Slider Tabs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Set R Slider Tab.

- · Use built-in jumper (R Slider Tab) to differentiate between one or two transformer systems.
- · If there is only one R wire, and it is connected to the R, Rc, or RH terminal, set the slider to the up position (1 wire).
- · If there is one wire connected to the R terminal and one wire connected to the Rc terminal, set the slider to the down position (2 wires).

NOTE: Slider Tabs for U terminals should be left in place for T6 Pro models.

## Wiring terminal designations

## Thermostat mounting

- 1.Push excess wire back into the wall opening.
- 2. Close the UWP door. It should remain closed without bulging.
- 3. Align the UWP with the thermostat, and push gently until the thermostat snaps in place.
- 4. Turn the power on at the breaker box or switch.

<!-- image -->

## System operation settings

- 1 Press the Mode button to cycle to the next available System mode.
- 2 Cycle through the modes until the required System mode is displayed and leave it to

activate.

NOTE: Available System modes vary by model and system settings. System modes:

- - Auto
- - Heat
- - Cool
- - Em Heat
- - Off

## Fan operation settings

- 1 Press the Fan button to cycle to the next available Fan mode.
- 2 Cycle through the modes until the required Fan mode is displayed and leave it to activate. NOTE: Available Fan modes vary with system settings. Fan modes:
- - Auto: Fan runs only when the heating or cooling system is on.
- - On: Fan is always on.
- - Circ: Fan runs randomly about 33% of the time.

<!-- image -->

## Installer setup (ISU)

1 Press and hold CENTER and buttons for approximately 3 seconds to enter advanced menu.

- 2 Press Select to enter ISU.
- 3 Press Select to cycle through menu setup options.
- 4 Press or to change values or select from available options.
- 5 Press Select and confirm your settings or press Back to ignore changes and return to ISU menu screen to continue editing another setup option.
- 6 To finish setup process and save your setting, press Home and return to Home screen. NOTE: A complete list of all setup (ISU) parameters and options starts below and continues

through page 10.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Installer system test

To perform a System Test:

- 1 Press and hold CENTER and buttons for approximately 3 seconds to enter advanced menu.
- 2 Use to go to TEST. Press Select to enter System Test.
- 3 Use to change between Heat, Cool, Fan, Em Heat, or Ver (thermostat version information).

Press Select.

- 4 Press to turn stages on one at a time, and press to turn them off.
- 5 Use the Home button to exit the System Test.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Documents / Resources

Read More About This Manual & Download PDF:

Honeywell Series Pro Thermostat [pdf] User Guide/Manual

No related articles