## Manualslib.com - Simplified Manuals

<!-- image -->

## Tatybo XW1 - Gaming Headset Manual

Manuals

/ Brands

/ Tatybo Manuals

/ Headsets

/ XW1

/ User manual

/ PDF

## Contents

- 1 Product introduction
- 2 Product parameters
- 3 Range of application
- 4 Operating instructions
- 5 Frequently asked questions
- 5.1 When playing music, there is accompaniment but no singing?
- 5.2 There is electric current noise when using?
- 6 Compatibility Information

<!-- image -->

Product introduction

<!-- image -->

- 1. Lightweight design, self-adjusting head beam design, the best game wearing experience;
- 2. All-inclusive protein leather earmuff.
- 3. High-pass magnetic core.
- 4. High sensitivity microphone delivers more accurate, clear and smooth voice.
- 5. LED dazzle light.
- 6. Microphone on-off button.
- 7. Volume control button.
- 8. 3.5mm 2 in 1 Jack for microphone and audio.
- 9. USB connector for Led lights.

## Product parameters

- Drive unit: moving coil
- Impedance: 32Q±150

Impedance: 32Q±150

- Sensitivity: 105±3dB
- Frequency range: 15Hz-20KHz
- Microphone: 6.0x5.0mm
- Microphone sensitivity: -42±3dB
- Microphone impedance: 2.2K
- Directionality: omni-directiona
- Cable length: 1.9M±0.2
- LED working voltage: DC5V±5%
- Working current: <200mA
- Headset jack: USB+3.5MM+4Pin

## Range of application

- 1. Suit for PS4, XBOX ONE, tablet, phone, laptop, pc and other 3.5mm interface device.
- 2. Support the 32-bit and 64-bit Win7 / Win8 / Win8.1 / Win10 / XP.
- 3. Not suit for XBOX 360, Ps3.

## Operating instructions

## When first use, please do as below

- A. Make sure the headset microphone switch is tured on
- B. Make sure the device you used microphone switch is turned on.
- C. Find the voice setting.
- D. Enter into the"voice"for settings

## NOTE

Don't forget to check whether the headset mute button is closed or opened.

## Frequently asked questions

## When playing music, there is accompaniment but no singing?

The headset jack plug is 3.5 mm, which is the most popular international standard connection. If the headset is connected to a non-international standard interface, there will be background sound only, then a adapter cable is needed.

## When the headphones work well but the voice chatting can't work?

- A. Please make sure the microphone switch is turned on.
- B. Please make sure the device is single interface device if you don't use splitter.
- C. The headset plug is quadrupolar, while your device may be of tripolar.
- D. For those device like computer which have 2 interface. You need a 1 into 2 spliiter to enjoy music and chatting at the same time.

## There is electric current noise when using?

- A. Please check if the plug is well inserted into the interface device
- B. Please take away electronics of strong magnetic (such as the mobile phone, fan...)
- C. Please check if the microphone boost of the computer microphone is turned on. If

## Compatibility Information

| ConsolelDevice          | Compatibility   | Compatibility   |
|-------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|
|                         | Microphone      | Audio           |
| XBOX One                | Adapter Needed  | Adapter Needed  |
| XBOX One $              |                 |                 |
| XBOX 360                |                 |                 |
| PlayStation 4           |                 |                 |
| PS vita                 |                 |                 |
| PSP                     |                 |                 |
| Nintendo Switch         |                 |                 |
| Nintendo New 3DS LLI3DS |                 |                 |
| Nintendo 3DS LLI3DS     |                 |                 |
| PC                      |                 |                 |
| Laptop                  |                 |                 |
| Appareil iOS            |                 |                 |
| Appareil Android        |                 |                 |